.TH XScreenSaver 1 "August 2015"
.SH NAME
julia_gl 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B julia_gl
[\-shader \fIshader-file.glsl\fP]
[\-secret \fIsecret-file\fP]
[\-debug]
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-install]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-delay \fImicroseconds\fP]
[\-fps]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIjulia_gl\fP program is a foolish attempt to make a screensaver authenticate itself to the user using TOTP and fractals.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-shader \fIshader-file.glsl\fP
Use this Open-GL fragment shader, default is \fIshader.glsl\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-secret \fIsecret-file\fP
Path to file containing 16 charater base32 encoded secret, default is \fI./.julia_secret\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-random
Use random() to create the julia set instead of the TOTP algorithm.  Cheaper on cpu but no mutual authentication.
.TP 8
.B \-debug
Log debug messages to terminal window.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-install
Install a private colormap for the window.
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.B \-fps
Display the current frame rate, CPU load, and polygon count.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH TODO
Make it do the authentication part.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1)
.BR xscreensaver\-demo (1),
.BR xscreensaver\-getimage (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2014-2015 by Dennis Goodlett.  Permission to use, copy, modify,
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is
hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear
in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without
express or implied warranty.
.SH AUTHOR
Dennis Goodlett <dennis@hurricanelabs.com>
 
